---
page_title: "github_collaborators Data Source - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get the collaborators for a given repository.
---

# github_collaborators (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve the collaborators for a given repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "github_collaborators" "test" {
  owner      = "example_owner"
  repository = "example_repository"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `owner` (String) The owner of the repository.
- `repository` (String) The name of the repository.

### Optional

- `affiliation` (String) Filter collaborators by their affiliation. Can be one of: all, direct, outside.
- `permission` (String) Filter collaborators by their permission level. Can be one of: pull, triage, push, maintain, admin.

### Read-Only

- `collaborator` (Attributes List) List of collaborators for the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collaborator))
- `id` (String) The ID of the data source.

<a id="nestedatt--collaborator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collaborator`

Read-Only:

- `events_url` (String) The events URL of the collaborator.
- `followers_url` (String) The followers URL of the collaborator.
- `following_url` (String) The following URL of the collaborator.
- `gists_url` (String) The gists URL of the collaborator.
- `html_url` (String) The GitHub URL of the collaborator.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the collaborator.
- `login` (String) The login name of the collaborator.
- `organizations_url` (String) The organizations URL of the collaborator.
- `permission` (String) The permission level of the collaborator.
- `received_events_url` (String) The received events URL of the collaborator.
- `repos_url` (String) The repositories URL of the collaborator.
- `site_admin` (Boolean) Whether the collaborator is a site administrator.
- `starred_url` (String) The starred URL of the collaborator.
- `subscriptions_url` (String) The subscriptions URL of the collaborator.
- `type` (String) The type of the collaborator (User or Organization).
- `url` (String) The API URL of the collaborator.
