---
page_title: "github_release Data Source - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information on a GitHub release.
---

# github_release (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a GitHub release in a specific repository.

## Example Usage

To retrieve the latest release that is present in a repository:

```terraform
data "github_release" "example" {
  repository  = "example-repository"
  owner       = "example-owner"
  retrieve_by = "latest"
}
```

To retrieve a specific release from a repository based on it's ID:

```terraform
data "github_release" "example" {
  repository  = "example-repository"
  owner       = "example-owner"
  retrieve_by = "id"
  id          = 12345
}
```

Finally, to retrieve a release based on it's tag:

```terraform
data "github_release" "example" {
  repository  = "example-repository"
  owner       = "example-owner"
  retrieve_by = "tag"
  release_tag = "v1.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `owner` (String) The repository owner.
- `repository` (String) The name of the repository.
- `retrieve_by` (String) How to retrieve the release. Must be one of `latest`, `id`, or `tag`.

### Optional

- `release_id` (Number) The ID of the release to retrieve. Required if `retrieve_by = "id"`.
- `release_tag` (String) The tag of the release to retrieve. Required if `retrieve_by = "tag"`.

### Read-Only

- `asserts_url` (String, Deprecated) The URL of the release assets. Deprecated, use `assets_url` instead.
- `assets` (Block List) The release assets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--assets))
- `assets_url` (String) The URL of the release assets.
- `body` (String) The body of the release.
- `created_at` (String) The creation date of the release.
- `draft` (Boolean) Whether the release is a draft.
- `html_url` (String) The HTML URL of the release.
- `id` (String) The ID of the release.
- `name` (String) The name of the release.
- `prerelease` (Boolean) Whether the release is a prerelease.
- `published_at` (String) The publication date of the release.
- `tarball_url` (String) The tarball URL of the release.
- `target_commitish` (String) The target commitish of the release.
- `upload_url` (String) The upload URL of the release.
- `url` (String) The URL of the release.
- `zipball_url` (String) The zipball URL of the release.

<a id="nestedblock--assets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `assets`

Read-Only:

- `browser_download_url` (String) The browser download URL of the asset.
- `content_type` (String) The content type of the asset.
- `created_at` (String) The creation date of the asset.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the asset.
- `label` (String) The label of the asset.
- `name` (String) The name of the asset.
- `node_id` (String) The Node ID of the asset.
- `size` (Number) The size of the asset in bytes.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update date of the asset.
- `url` (String) The URL of the asset.
