---
page_title: "github_repository_pull_request Data Source - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information on a single GitHub Pull Request.
---

# github_repository_pull_request (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a specific GitHub Pull Request in a repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "github_repository_pull_request" "example" {
  base_repository = "example_repository"
  number          = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_repository` (String) The name of the repository containing the pull request.
- `number` (Number) The pull request number.

### Optional

- `owner` (String) The GitHub organization or user owning the repository. If not provided, the configured owner will be used.

### Read-Only

- `base_ref` (String) The base branch name the PR is merging into.
- `base_sha` (String) The SHA of the base branch the PR is merging into.
- `body` (String) The body/content of the pull request.
- `draft` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the pull request is a draft.
- `head_owner` (String) The owner of the repository containing the head branch.
- `head_ref` (String) The head branch name the PR is merging from.
- `head_repository` (String) The name of the repository containing the head branch.
- `head_sha` (String) The SHA of the head branch the PR is merging from.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (List of String) List of names of labels on the PR.
- `maintainer_can_modify` (Boolean) Indicates whether maintainers can modify the pull request.
- `opened_at` (Number) Unix timestamp indicating when the pull request was opened.
- `opened_by` (String) Username of the PR creator.
- `state` (String) The state of the pull request (open, closed, merged).
- `title` (String) The title of the pull request.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix timestamp indicating when the pull request was last updated.
