---
page_title: "github_repository_pull_requests Data Source - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information on multiple GitHub Pull Requests.
---

# github_repository_pull_requests (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about multiple GitHub Pull Requests in a repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "github_repository_pull_requests" "example" {
  base_repository = "example-repository"
  base_ref        = "main"
  sort_by         = "updated"
  sort_direction  = "desc"
  state           = "open"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_repository` (String) The repository name.

### Optional

- `base_ref` (String) The name of the branch you want your changes pulled into.
- `head_ref` (String) The name of the branch where your changes are implemented.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the repository.
- `sort_by` (String) What to sort results by. Can be either `created`, `updated`, `popularity` (comment count) or `long-running` (age, filtering by pulls updated in the last month). Default: `created`.
- `sort_direction` (String) The direction to sort the results by. Default: `asc`.
- `state` (String) Either `open`, `closed`, or `all` to filter by state. Default: `open`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the data source.
- `results` (Attributes List) List of pull requests matching the criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `base_ref` (String) The name of the branch you want your changes pulled into.
- `base_sha` (String) The SHA of the base branch.
- `body` (String) The body of the pull request.
- `draft` (Boolean) Whether the pull request is a draft.
- `head_owner` (String) The owner of the head repository.
- `head_ref` (String) The name of the branch where your changes are implemented.
- `head_repository` (String) The name of the head repository.
- `head_sha` (String) The SHA of the head branch.
- `labels` (List of String) List of names of labels on the PR
- `maintainer_can_modify` (Boolean) Whether maintainers can modify the pull request.
- `number` (Number) Per-repository, monotonically increasing ID of this PR
- `opened_at` (Number) The timestamp when the pull request was opened.
- `opened_by` (String) Username of the PR creator
- `state` (String) The state of the pull request.
- `title` (String) The title of the pull request.
- `updated_at` (Number) The timestamp when the pull request was last updated.
