---
page_title: "github_repository Data Source - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get details about a GitHub repository.
---

# github_repository (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve information about a GitHub repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "github_repository" "example" {
  full_name = "hashicorp/terraform"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the repository.
- `full_name` (String) Full name of the repository (in `owner/name` format).
- `homepage_url` (String) URL of a page describing the project.
- `name` (String) The name of the repository.

### Read-Only

- `allow_auto_merge` (Boolean) Whether the repository allows auto-merge for pull requests.
- `allow_merge_commit` (Boolean) Whether the repository allows merge commits.
- `allow_rebase_merge` (Boolean) Whether the repository allows rebase merges.
- `allow_squash_merge` (Boolean) Whether the repository allows squash merges.
- `allow_update_branch` (Boolean) Whether the repository allows updating branch for pull requests.
- `archived` (Boolean) Whether the repository is archived.
- `default_branch` (String) The name of the default branch of the repository.
- `delete_branch_on_merge` (Boolean) Whether the repository allows automatically deleting head branches when pull requests are merged.
- `fork` (Boolean) Whether the repository is a fork.
- `git_clone_url` (String) URL that can be provided to `git clone` to clone the repository anonymously via the git protocol.
- `has_discussions` (Boolean) Whether the repository has GitHub Discussions enabled.
- `has_downloads` (Boolean) Whether the repository has GitHub Downloads enabled.
- `has_issues` (Boolean) Whether the repository has GitHub Issues enabled.
- `has_projects` (Boolean) Whether the repository has GitHub Projects enabled.
- `has_wiki` (Boolean) Whether the repository has GitHub Wiki enabled.
- `html_url` (String) URL to the repository on the web.
- `http_clone_url` (String) URL that can be provided to `git clone` to clone the repository via HTTPS.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_template` (Boolean) Whether the repository is a template.
- `merge_commit_message` (String) The default value for a merge commit message.
- `merge_commit_title` (String) The default value for a merge commit title.
- `node_id` (String) GraphQL global node id for use with v4 API.
- `pages` (Attributes List) The GitHub Pages configuration for the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pages))
- `primary_language` (String) The primary language of the repository.
- `private` (Boolean) Whether the repository is private.
- `repo_id` (Number) GitHub ID for the repository.
- `repository_license` (Attributes List) The license of the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--repository_license))
- `squash_merge_commit_message` (String) The default value for a squash merge commit message.
- `squash_merge_commit_title` (String) The default value for a squash merge commit title.
- `ssh_clone_url` (String) URL that can be provided to `git clone` to clone the repository via SSH.
- `svn_url` (String) URL that can be provided to `svn checkout` to check out the repository via GNU Subversion.
- `template` (Attributes List) The template repository configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template))
- `topics` (List of String) The list of topics of the repository.
- `visibility` (String) Can be 'public' or 'private'.

<a id="nestedatt--pages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pages`

Read-Only:

- `build_type` (String) The GitHub Pages build type.
- `cname` (String) The custom domain for the repository.
- `custom_404` (Boolean) Whether the repository has a custom 404 page.
- `html_url` (String) The GitHub Pages URL.
- `source` (Attributes List) The source configuration for GitHub Pages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pages--source))
- `status` (String) The GitHub Pages status.
- `url` (String) The GitHub Pages API URL.

<a id="nestedatt--pages--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pages.source`

Read-Only:

- `branch` (String) The branch name.
- `path` (String) The path from which to publish.



<a id="nestedatt--repository_license"></a>
### Nested Schema for `repository_license`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String) The license file content (base64 encoded).
- `download_url` (String) The license file download URL.
- `encoding` (String) The license file encoding.
- `git_url` (String) The license file Git URL.
- `html_url` (String) The license file HTML URL.
- `license` (Attributes List) The license information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--repository_license--license))
- `name` (String) The license file name.
- `path` (String) The license file path.
- `sha` (String) The license file SHA.
- `size` (Number) The license file size in bytes.
- `type` (String) The license file type.
- `url` (String) The license file URL.

<a id="nestedatt--repository_license--license"></a>
### Nested Schema for `repository_license.license`

Read-Only:

- `body` (String) The license body.
- `conditions` (Set of String) The license conditions.
- `description` (String) The license description.
- `featured` (Boolean) Whether the license is featured.
- `html_url` (String) The license HTML URL.
- `implementation` (String) The license implementation.
- `key` (String) The license key.
- `limitations` (Set of String) The license limitations.
- `name` (String) The license name.
- `permissions` (Set of String) The license permissions.
- `spdx_id` (String) The license SPDX ID.
- `url` (String) The license URL.



<a id="nestedatt--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template`

Read-Only:

- `owner` (String) The template repository owner.
- `repository` (String) The template repository name.
