---
page_title: "github_actions_runner_group Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Actions Runner Group within a GitHub organization
---

# github_actions_runner_group (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage GitHub Actions runner groups within your GitHub enterprise organizations. You must have admin access to an organization to use this resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "example" {
  name = "my-repository"
}

resource "github_actions_runner_group" "example" {
  name                    = github_repository.example.name
  visibility              = "selected"
  selected_repository_ids = [github_repository.example.repo_id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the runner group.
- `visibility` (String) The visibility of the runner group.

### Optional

- `allows_public_repositories` (Boolean) Whether public repositories can be added to the runner group.
- `restricted_to_workflows` (Boolean) If 'true', the runner group will be restricted to running only the workflows specified in the 'selected_workflows' array. Defaults to 'false'.
- `selected_repository_ids` (Set of Number) List of repository IDs that can access the runner group.
- `selected_workflows` (List of String) List of workflows the runner group should be allowed to run. This setting will be ignored unless restricted_to_workflows is set to 'true'.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) Whether this is the default runner group.
- `etag` (String) An etag representing the runner group object
- `id` (String) The ID of the runner group.
- `inherited` (Boolean) Whether the runner group is inherited from the enterprise level
- `runners_url` (String) The GitHub API URL for the runner group's runners.
- `selected_repositories_url` (String) GitHub API URL for the runner group's repositories.

## Import

This resource can be imported using the ID of the runner group:

```shell
terraform import github_actions_runner_group.test 7
```
