---
page_title: "github_actions_repository_permissions Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Enables and manages Actions permissions for a GitHub repository
---

# github_actions_repository_permissions (Resource)

This resource allows you to enable and manage GitHub Actions permissions for a given repository. You must have admin access to an repository to use this resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "example" {
  name = "my-repository"
}

resource "github_actions_repository_permissions" "test" {
  allowed_actions = "selected"
  allowed_actions_config {
    github_owned_allowed = true
    patterns_allowed     = ["actions/cache@*", "actions/checkout@*"]
    verified_allowed     = true
  }
  repository = github_repository.example.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `repository` (String) The GitHub repository.

### Optional

- `allowed_actions` (String) The permissions policy that controls the actions that are allowed to run. Can be one of: 'all', 'local_only', or 'selected'.
- `allowed_actions_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Sets the actions that are allowed in an repository. Only available when 'allowed_actions' = 'selected'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_actions_config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Should GitHub actions be enabled on this repository.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--allowed_actions_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_actions_config`

Required:

- `github_owned_allowed` (Boolean) Whether GitHub-owned actions are allowed in the repository.

Optional:

- `patterns_allowed` (Set of String) Specifies a list of string-matching patterns to allow specific action(s). Wildcards, tags, and SHAs are allowed. For example, 'monalisa/octocat@', 'monalisa/octocat@v2', 'monalisa/'.
- `verified_allowed` (Boolean) Whether actions in GitHub Marketplace from verified creators are allowed. Set to 'true' to allow all GitHub Marketplace actions by verified creators.

## Import

This resource can be imported using the name of the GitHub repository:

```shell
terraform import github_actions_repository_permissions.test my-repository
```
