---
page_title: "github_actions_organization_permissions Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages Actions permissions within a GitHub organization
---

# github_actions_organization_permissions (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage GitHub Actions permissions within your GitHub enterprise organizations. You must have admin access to an organization to use this resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "example" {
  name = "my-repository"
}

resource "github_actions_organization_permissions" "test" {
  allowed_actions      = "selected"
  enabled_repositories = "selected"
  allowed_actions_config {
    github_owned_allowed = true
    patterns_allowed     = ["actions/cache@*", "actions/checkout@*"]
    verified_allowed     = true
  }
  enabled_repositories_config {
    repository_ids = [github_repository.example.repo_id]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled_repositories` (String) The policy that controls the repositories in the organization that are allowed to run GitHub Actions. Can be one of: 'all', 'none', or 'selected'.

### Optional

- `allowed_actions` (String) The permissions policy that controls the actions that are allowed to run. Can be one of: 'all', 'local_only', or 'selected'.
- `allowed_actions_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Sets the actions that are allowed in an organization. Only available when 'allowed_actions' = 'selected' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_actions_config))
- `enabled_repositories_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Sets the list of selected repositories that are enabled for GitHub Actions in an organization. Only available when 'enabled_repositories' = 'selected'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enabled_repositories_config))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--allowed_actions_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_actions_config`

Required:

- `github_owned_allowed` (Boolean) Whether GitHub-owned actions are allowed in the organization.

Optional:

- `patterns_allowed` (Set of String) Specifies a list of string-matching patterns to allow specific action(s). Wildcards, tags, and SHAs are allowed. For example, 'monalisa/octocat@', 'monalisa/octocat@v2', 'monalisa/'.
- `verified_allowed` (Boolean) Whether actions in GitHub Marketplace from verified creators are allowed. Set to 'true' to allow all GitHub Marketplace actions by verified creators.


<a id="nestedblock--enabled_repositories_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enabled_repositories_config`

Required:

- `repository_ids` (Set of Number) List of repository IDs to enable for GitHub Actions.

## Import

This resource can be imported using the name of the GitHub organization:

```shell
terraform import github_actions_organization_permissions.test github_organization_name
```
