---
page_title: "github_codespaces_secret Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages an Codespaces Secret within a GitHub repository
---

# github_codespaces_secret (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage GitHub Codespaces secrets within your GitHub repositories. You must have write access to a repository to use this resource.

Secret values are encrypted using the [Go '/crypto/box' module](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/crypto/nacl/box) which is interoperable with [libsodium](https://libsodium.gitbook.io/doc/). Libsodium is used by GitHub to decrypt secret values.

For the purposes of security, the contents of the `plaintext_value` field have been marked as `sensitive` to Terraform, but it is important to note that **this does not hide it from state files**. You should treat state as sensitive always. It is also advised that you do not store plaintext values in your code but rather populate the `encrypted_value` using fields from a resource, data source or variable as, while encrypted in state, these will be easily accessible in your code. See below for an example of this abstraction.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "github_codespaces_public_key" "example_public_key" {
  repository = "example_repository"
}

resource "github_codespaces_secret" "example_secret" {
  repository      = "example_repository"
  secret_name     = "example_secret_name"
  plaintext_value = var.some_secret_string
}

resource "github_codespaces_secret" "example_secret" {
  repository      = "example_repository"
  secret_name     = "example_secret_name"
  encrypted_value = var.some_encrypted_secret_string
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `repository` (String) Name of the repository.
- `secret_name` (String) Name of the secret.

### Optional

- `encrypted_value` (String, Sensitive) Encrypted value of the secret using the GitHub public key in Base64 format.
- `plaintext_value` (String, Sensitive) Plaintext value of the secret to be encrypted.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date of 'codespaces_secret' creation.
- `id` (String) The ID of the codespaces secret (repository:secret_name).
- `updated_at` (String) Date of 'codespaces_secret' update.

## Import

This resource can be imported using an ID made up of the `repository` and `secret_name`:

```shell
terraform import github_codespaces_secret.example_secret example_repository/example_secret_name
```

NOTE: the implementation is limited in that it won't fetch the value of the `plaintext_value` or `encrypted_value` fields when importing. You may need to ignore changes for these as a workaround.
