---
page_title: "github_enterprise_actions_permissions Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages Actions permissions within a GitHub enterprise
---

# github_enterprise_actions_permissions (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage GitHub Actions permissions within your GitHub enterprise. You must have admin access to an enterprise to use this resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "github_organization" "example-org" {
  name = "my-org"
}

resource "github_enterprise_actions_permissions" "test" {
  enterprise_slug       = "my-enterprise"
  allowed_actions       = "selected"
  enabled_organizations = "selected"
  allowed_actions_config {
    github_owned_allowed = true
    patterns_allowed     = ["actions/cache@*", "actions/checkout@*"]
    verified_allowed     = true
  }
  enabled_organizations_config {
    organization_ids = [data.github_organization.example-org.id]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled_organizations` (String) The policy that controls the organizations in the enterprise that are allowed to run GitHub Actions. Can be one of: 'all', 'none', or 'selected'.
- `enterprise_slug` (String) The slug of the enterprise.

### Optional

- `allowed_actions` (String) The permissions policy that controls the actions that are allowed to run. Can be one of: 'all', 'local_only', or 'selected'.
- `allowed_actions_config` (Block List) Sets the actions that are allowed in an enterprise. Only available when 'allowed_actions' = 'selected' (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--allowed_actions_config))
- `enabled_organizations_config` (Block List) Sets the list of selected organizations that are enabled for GitHub Actions in an enterprise. Only available when 'enabled_organizations' = 'selected'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enabled_organizations_config))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the enterprise.

<a id="nestedblock--allowed_actions_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_actions_config`

Required:

- `github_owned_allowed` (Boolean) Whether GitHub-owned actions are allowed
- `verified_allowed` (Boolean) Whether actions from GitHub Marketplace verified creators are allowed

Optional:

- `patterns_allowed` (Set of String) Specifies a list of string-matching patterns to allow specific action(s)


<a id="nestedblock--enabled_organizations_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enabled_organizations_config`

Required:

- `organization_ids` (Set of Number) List of organization IDs to enable for GitHub Actions

## Import

This resource can be imported using the name of the GitHub enterprise:

```shell
terraform import github_enterprise_actions_permissions.test github_enterprise_name
```
