---
page_title: "github_release Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages releases within a single GitHub repository
---

# github_release (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage a release in a specific GitHub repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "repo" {
  name        = "repo"
  description = "GitHub repo managed by Terraform"

  private = false
}

resource "github_release" "example" {
  repository = github_repository.repo.name
  tag_name   = "v1.0.0"
}
```

## Example Usage on Non-Default Branch

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "example" {
  name      = "repo"
  auto_init = true
}

resource "github_branch" "example" {
  repository    = github_repository.example.name
  branch        = "branch_name"
  source_branch = github_repository.example.default_branch
}

resource "github_release" "example" {
  repository       = github_repository.example.name
  tag_name         = "v1.0.0"
  target_commitish = github_branch.example.branch
  draft            = false
  prerelease       = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `repository` (String) The name of the repository.
- `tag_name` (String) The name of the tag.

### Optional

- `body` (String) Text describing the contents of the tag.
- `discussion_category_name` (String) If specified, a discussion of the specified category is created and linked to the release. The value must be a category that already exists in the repository.
- `draft` (Boolean) Set to 'false' to create a published release.
- `generate_release_notes` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to automatically generate the name and body for this release. If 'name' is specified, the specified name will be used; otherwise, a name will be automatically generated. If 'body' is specified, the body will be pre-pended to the automatically generated notes.
- `name` (String) The name of the release.
- `prerelease` (Boolean) Set to 'false' to identify the release as a full release.
- `target_commitish` (String) The branch name or commit SHA the tag is created from.

### Read-Only

- `assets_url` (String) The URL for the release assets.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time the release was created.
- `etag` (String) ETag of the release.
- `html_url` (String) The HTML URL for the release.
- `id` (String) The ID of the release.
- `node_id` (String) The node ID of the release.
- `published_at` (String) The date and time the release was published.
- `release_id` (Number) The ID of the release.
- `tarball_url` (String) The URL for the tarball of the release.
- `upload_url` (String) The URL for the uploaded assets of release.
- `url` (String) The URL for the release.
- `zipball_url` (String) The URL for the zipball of the release.

## Import

This resource can be imported using the `name` of the repository, combined with the `id` of the release, and a `:` character for separating components, e.g.

```shell
terraform import github_release.example repo:12345678
```
