---
page_title: "github_repository_collaborators Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a GitHub repository collaborators resource.
---

# github_repository_collaborators (Resource)

Provides a GitHub repository collaborators resource.

~> Note: github_repository_collaborators cannot be used in conjunction with github_repository_collaborator and github_team_repository or they will fight over what your policy should be.

This resource allows you to manage all collaborators for repositories in your organization or personal account. For organization repositories, collaborators can have explicit (and differing levels of) read, write, or administrator access to specific repositories, without giving the user full organization membership. For personal repositories, collaborators can only be granted write (implicitly includes read) permission.

When applied, an invitation will be sent to the user to become a collaborators on a repository. When destroyed, either the invitation will be cancelled or the collaborators will be removed from the repository.

This resource is authoritative. For adding a collaborator to a repo in a non-authoritative manner, use github_repository_collaborator instead.

Further documentation on GitHub collaborators:

- [Adding outside collaborators to your personal repositories](https://help.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories)
- [Adding outside collaborators to repositories in your organization](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-outside-collaborators-to-repositories-in-your-organization/)
- [Converting an organization member to an outside collaborators](https://help.github.com/articles/converting-an-organization-member-to-an-outside-collaborator/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Add collaborators to a repository
resource "github_team" "some_team" {
  name        = "SomeTeam"
  description = "Some cool team"
}

resource "github_repository" "some_repo" {
  name = "some-repo"
}

resource "github_repository_collaborators" "some_repo_collaborators" {
  repository = github_repository.some_repo.name

  user {
    permission = "admin"
    username   = "SomeUser"
  }

  team {
    permission = "pull"
    team_id    = github_team.some_team.slug
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `repository` (String)

### Optional

- `ignore_team` (Block Set) List of teams to ignore. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ignore_team))
- `team` (Block Set) List of teams. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--team))
- `user` (Block Set) List of users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invitation_ids` (Map of String) Map of usernames to invitation ID for any users added

<a id="nestedblock--ignore_team"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ignore_team`

Required:

- `team_id` (String) ID or slug of the team to ignore.


<a id="nestedblock--team"></a>
### Nested Schema for `team`

Required:

- `team_id` (String) Team ID or slug to add to the repository as a collaborator.

Optional:

- `permission` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Required:

- `username` (String) (Required) The user to add to the repository as a collaborator.

Optional:

- `permission` (String)

## Import

GitHub Repository Collaborators can be imported using the name `name`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import github_repository_collaborators.collaborators terraform
```
