---
page_title: "github_repository_ruleset Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a GitHub repository ruleset.
---

# github_repository_ruleset (Resource)

Creates a GitHub repository ruleset.

This resource allows you to create and manage rulesets on the repository level. When applied, a new ruleset will be created. When destroyed, that ruleset will be removed.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "Example repository"
}

resource "github_repository_ruleset" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  repository  = github_repository.example.name
  target      = "branch"
  enforcement = "active"

  conditions {
    ref_name {
      include = ["~ALL"]
      exclude = []
    }
  }

  bypass_actors {
    actor_id    = 13473
    actor_type  = "Integration"
    bypass_mode = "always"
  }

  rules {
    creation                = true
    update                  = true
    deletion                = true
    required_linear_history = true
    required_signatures     = true

    required_deployments {
      required_deployment_environments = ["test"]
    }


  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enforcement` (String) Possible values for Enforcement are `disabled`, `active`, `evaluate`. Note: `evaluate` is currently only supported for owners of type `organization`.
- `name` (String) The name of the ruleset.
- `target` (String) Possible values are `branch` and `tag`.

### Optional

- `bypass_actors` (Block List) The actors that can bypass the rules in this ruleset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bypass_actors))
- `conditions` (Block List) Parameters for a repository ruleset ref name condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions))
- `repository` (String) Name of the repository to apply rulset to.
- `rules` (Block List) Rules within the ruleset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))

### Read-Only

- `etag` (String)
- `id` (String) The ruleset ID.
- `node_id` (String) GraphQL global node id for use with v4 API.
- `ruleset_id` (Number) GitHub ID for the ruleset.

<a id="nestedblock--bypass_actors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bypass_actors`

Required:

- `actor_id` (Number) The ID of the actor that can bypass a ruleset. When `actor_type` is `OrganizationAdmin`, this should be set to `1`.
- `actor_type` (String) The type of actor that can bypass a ruleset. Can be one of: `RepositoryRole`, `Team`, `Integration`, `OrganizationAdmin`, `DeployKey`.
- `bypass_mode` (String) When the specified actor can bypass the ruleset. pull_request means that an actor can only bypass rules on pull requests. Can be one of: `always`, `pull_request`.


<a id="nestedblock--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `ref_name` (Block List) Parameters for a repository ruleset ref name condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--ref_name))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--ref_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.ref_name`

Required:

- `exclude` (List of String) Array of ref names or patterns to exclude. The condition will not pass if any of these patterns match.
- `include` (List of String) Array of ref names or patterns to include. One of these patterns must match for the condition to pass. Also accepts `~DEFAULT_BRANCH` to include the default branch or `~ALL` to include all branches.



<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Optional:

- `branch_name_pattern` (Block List) Parameters to be used for the branch_name_pattern rule. This rule only applies to repositories within an enterprise, it cannot be applied to repositories owned by individuals or regular organizations. Conflicts with `tag_name_pattern` as it only applies to rulesets with target `branch`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--branch_name_pattern))
- `commit_author_email_pattern` (Block List) Parameters to be used for the commit_author_email_pattern rule. This rule only applies to repositories within an enterprise, it cannot be applied to repositories owned by individuals or regular organizations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--commit_author_email_pattern))
- `commit_message_pattern` (Block List) Parameters to be used for the commit_message_pattern rule. This rule only applies to repositories within an enterprise, it cannot be applied to repositories owned by individuals or regular organizations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--commit_message_pattern))
- `committer_email_pattern` (Block List) Parameters to be used for the committer_email_pattern rule. This rule only applies to repositories within an enterprise, it cannot be applied to repositories owned by individuals or regular organizations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--committer_email_pattern))
- `creation` (Boolean) Only allow users with bypass permission to create matching refs.
- `deletion` (Boolean) Only allow users with bypass permissions to delete matching refs.
- `merge_queue` (Block List) Merges must be performed via a merge queue. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--merge_queue))
- `non_fast_forward` (Boolean) Prevent users with push access from force pushing to branches.
- `pull_request` (Block List) Require all commits be made to a non-target branch and submitted via a pull request before they can be merged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--pull_request))
- `required_code_scanning` (Block List) Choose which tools must provide code scanning results before the reference is updated. When configured, code scanning must be enabled and have results for both the commit and the reference being updated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--required_code_scanning))
- `required_deployments` (Block List) Choose which environments must be successfully deployed to before branches can be merged into a branch that matches this rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--required_deployments))
- `required_linear_history` (Boolean) Prevent merge commits from being pushed to matching branches.
- `required_signatures` (Boolean) Commits pushed to matching branches must have verified signatures.
- `required_status_checks` (Block List) Choose which status checks must pass before branches can be merged into a branch that matches this rule. When enabled, commits must first be pushed to another branch, then merged or pushed directly to a branch that matches this rule after status checks have passed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--required_status_checks))
- `tag_name_pattern` (Block List) Parameters to be used for the tag_name_pattern rule. This rule only applies to repositories within an enterprise, it cannot be applied to repositories owned by individuals or regular organizations. Conflicts with `branch_name_pattern` as it only applies to rulesets with target `tag`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--tag_name_pattern))
- `update` (Boolean) Only allow users with bypass permission to update matching refs.
- `update_allows_fetch_and_merge` (Boolean) Branch can pull changes from its upstream repository. This is only applicable to forked repositories. Requires `update` to be set to `true`.

<a id="nestedblock--rules--branch_name_pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.branch_name_pattern`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use for matching. Can be one of: `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `contains`, `regex`.
- `pattern` (String) The pattern to match with.

Optional:

- `name` (String) How this rule will appear to users.
- `negate` (Boolean) If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--commit_author_email_pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.commit_author_email_pattern`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use for matching. Can be one of: `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `contains`, `regex`.
- `pattern` (String) The pattern to match with.

Optional:

- `name` (String) How this rule will appear to users.
- `negate` (Boolean) If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--commit_message_pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.commit_message_pattern`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use for matching. Can be one of: `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `contains`, `regex`.
- `pattern` (String) The pattern to match with.

Optional:

- `name` (String) How this rule will appear to users.
- `negate` (Boolean) If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--committer_email_pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.committer_email_pattern`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use for matching. Can be one of: `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `contains`, `regex`.
- `pattern` (String) The pattern to match with.

Optional:

- `name` (String) How this rule will appear to users.
- `negate` (Boolean) If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--merge_queue"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.merge_queue`

Optional:

- `check_response_timeout_minutes` (Number) Maximum time for a required status check to report a conclusion. After this much time has elapsed, checks that have not reported a conclusion will be assumed to have failed. Defaults to `60`.
- `grouping_strategy` (String) When set to ALLGREEN, the merge commit created by merge queue for each PR in the group must pass all required checks to merge. When set to HEADGREEN, only the commit at the head of the merge group, i.e. the commit containing changes from all of the PRs in the group, must pass its required checks to merge. Can be one of: ALLGREEN, HEADGREEN. Defaults to `ALLGREEN`.
- `max_entries_to_build` (Number) Limit the number of queued pull requests requesting checks and workflow runs at the same time. Defaults to `5`.
- `max_entries_to_merge` (Number) The maximum number of PRs that will be merged together in a group. Defaults to `5`.
- `merge_method` (String) Method to use when merging changes from queued pull requests. Can be one of: MERGE, SQUASH, REBASE. Defaults to `MERGE`.
- `min_entries_to_merge` (Number) The minimum number of PRs that will be merged together in a group. Defaults to `1`.
- `min_entries_to_merge_wait_minutes` (Number) The time merge queue should wait after the first PR is added to the queue for the minimum group size to be met. After this time has elapsed, the minimum group size will be ignored and a smaller group will be merged. Defaults to `5`.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--pull_request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.pull_request`

Optional:

- `allow_merge_commit` (Boolean) Whether users can use the web UI to merge pull requests with a merge commit. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_rebase_merge` (Boolean) Whether users can use the web UI to rebase merge pull requests. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_squash_merge` (Boolean) Whether users can use the web UI to squash merge pull requests. Defaults to `true`.
- `automatic_copilot_code_review_enabled` (Boolean) Enable GitHub Copilot code review automation. Defaults to `false`.
- `dismiss_stale_reviews_on_push` (Boolean) New, reviewable commits pushed will dismiss previous pull request review approvals. Defaults to `false`.
- `require_code_owner_review` (Boolean) Require an approving review in pull requests that modify files that have a designated code owner. Defaults to `false`.
- `require_last_push_approval` (Boolean) Whether the most recent reviewable push must be approved by someone other than the person who pushed it. Defaults to `false`.
- `required_approving_review_count` (Number) The number of approving reviews that are required before a pull request can be merged. Defaults to `0`.
- `required_review_thread_resolution` (Boolean) All conversations on code must be resolved before a pull request can be merged. Defaults to `false`.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--required_code_scanning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.required_code_scanning`

Optional:

- `required_code_scanning_tool` (Block Set) Tools that must provide code scanning results for this rule to pass. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--required_code_scanning--required_code_scanning_tool))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--required_code_scanning--required_code_scanning_tool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.required_code_scanning.required_code_scanning_tool`

Required:

- `alerts_threshold` (String) The severity level at which code scanning results that raise alerts block a reference update. Can be one of: `none`, `errors`, `errors_and_warnings`, `all`.
- `security_alerts_threshold` (String) The severity level at which code scanning results that raise security alerts block a reference update. Can be one of: `none`, `critical`, `high_or_higher`, `medium_or_higher`, `all`.
- `tool` (String) The name of a code scanning tool



<a id="nestedblock--rules--required_deployments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.required_deployments`

Required:

- `required_deployment_environments` (List of String) The environments that must be successfully deployed to before branches can be merged.


<a id="nestedblock--rules--required_status_checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.required_status_checks`

Optional:

- `do_not_enforce_on_create` (Boolean) Allow repositories and branches to be created if a check would otherwise prohibit it.
- `required_check` (Block Set) Status checks that are required. Several can be defined. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--required_status_checks--required_check))
- `strict_required_status_checks_policy` (Boolean) Whether pull requests targeting a matching branch must be tested with the latest code. This setting will not take effect unless at least one status check is enabled. Defaults to `false`.

<a id="nestedblock--rules--required_status_checks--required_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.required_status_checks.required_check`

Required:

- `context` (String) The status check context name that must be present on the commit.

Optional:

- `integration_id` (Number) The optional integration ID that this status check must originate from.



<a id="nestedblock--rules--tag_name_pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.tag_name_pattern`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use for matching. Can be one of: `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `contains`, `regex`.
- `pattern` (String) The pattern to match with.

Optional:

- `name` (String) How this rule will appear to users.
- `negate` (Boolean) If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.

## Import

GitHub Repository Rulesets can be imported using the GitHub repository name and ruleset ID e.g.

```shell
terraform import github_repository_ruleset.example example:12345
```
