---
page_title: "github_repository_pull_request Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information on a single GitHub Pull Request.
---

# github_repository_pull_request (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage PullRequests for repositories within your GitHub organization or personal account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_repository_pull_request" "example" {
  base_repository = "example-repository"
  base_ref        = "main"
  head_ref        = "feature-branch"
  title           = "My newest feature"
  body            = "This will change everything"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_ref` (String) Name of the branch serving as the base of the Pull Request.
- `base_repository` (String) Name of the base repository to retrieve the Pull Requests from.
- `head_ref` (String) Name of the branch serving as the head of the Pull Request.
- `title` (String) The title of the Pull Request.

### Optional

- `body` (String) Body of the Pull Request.
- `maintainer_can_modify` (Boolean) Controls whether the base repository maintainers can modify the Pull Request. Default: 'false'.
- `owner` (String) Owner of the repository. If not provided, the provider's default owner is used.

### Read-Only

- `base_sha` (String) Head commit SHA of the Pull Request base.
- `draft` (Boolean) Indicates Whether this Pull Request is a draft.
- `head_sha` (String) Head commit SHA of the Pull Request head.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (List of String) List of names of labels on the PR
- `number` (Number) The number of the Pull Request within the repository.
- `opened_at` (Number) Unix timestamp indicating the Pull Request creation time.
- `opened_by` (String) Username of the PR creator
- `state` (String) The current Pull Request state - can be 'open', 'closed' or 'merged'.
- `updated_at` (Number) The timestamp of the last Pull Request update.
