---
page_title: "github_repository Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages repositories within GitHub organizations or personal accounts
---

# github_repository (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage repositories within your GitHub organization or personal account.

~> **Note** When used with GitHub App authentication, even GET requests must have the `contents:write` permission. Without it, the following arguments will be ignored, leading to unexpected behavior and confusing diffs: `allow_merge_commit`, `allow_squash_merge`, `allow_rebase_merge`, `merge_commit_title`, `merge_commit_message`, `squash_merge_commit_title` and `squash_merge_commit_message`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "My awesome codebase"

  visibility = "public"

  template {
    owner                = "github"
    repository           = "terraform-template-module"
    include_all_branches = true
  }
}
```

## Example Usage with GitHub Pages Enabled

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "My awesome web page"

  private = false

  pages {
    source {
      branch = "master"
      path   = "/docs"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the repository.

### Optional

- `allow_auto_merge` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to allow auto-merging pull requests on the repository.
- `allow_merge_commit` (Boolean) Set to 'false' to disable merge commits on the repository.
- `allow_rebase_merge` (Boolean) Set to 'false' to disable rebase merges on the repository.
- `allow_squash_merge` (Boolean) Set to 'false' to disable squash merges on the repository.
- `allow_update_branch` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to always suggest updating pull request branches.
- `archive_on_destroy` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to archive the repository instead of deleting on destroy.
- `archived` (Boolean) Specifies if the repository should be archived. Defaults to 'false'. NOTE Currently, the API does not support unarchiving.
- `auto_init` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to produce an initial commit in the repository.
- `default_branch` (String, Deprecated) Can only be set after initial repository creation, and only if the target branch exists
- `delete_branch_on_merge` (Boolean) Automatically delete head branch after a pull request is merged. Defaults to 'false'.
- `description` (String) A description of the repository.
- `gitignore_template` (String) Use the name of the template without the extension. For example, 'Haskell'.
- `has_discussions` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable GitHub Discussions on the repository. Defaults to 'false'.
- `has_downloads` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable the (deprecated) downloads features on the repository.
- `has_issues` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable the GitHub Issues features on the repository
- `has_projects` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable the GitHub Projects features on the repository. Per the GitHub documentation when in an organization that has disabled repository projects it will default to 'false' and will otherwise default to 'true'. If you specify 'true' when it has been disabled it will return an error.
- `has_wiki` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable the GitHub Wiki features on the repository.
- `homepage_url` (String) URL of a page describing the project.
- `ignore_vulnerability_alerts_during_read` (Boolean) Set to true to not call the vulnerability alerts endpoint so the resource can also be used without admin permissions during read.
- `is_template` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to tell GitHub that this is a template repository.
- `license_template` (String) Use the name of the template without the extension. For example, 'mit' or 'mpl-2.0'.
- `merge_commit_message` (String) Can be 'PR_BODY', 'PR_TITLE', or 'BLANK' for a default merge commit message.
- `merge_commit_title` (String) Can be 'PR_TITLE' or 'MERGE_MESSAGE' for a default merge commit title.
- `pages` (Block List, Max: 1) The repository's GitHub Pages configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pages))
- `private` (Boolean, Deprecated)
- `security_and_analysis` (Block List, Max: 1) Security and analysis settings for the repository. To use this parameter you must have admin permissions for the repository or be an owner or security manager for the organization that owns the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--security_and_analysis))
- `squash_merge_commit_message` (String) Can be 'PR_BODY', 'COMMIT_MESSAGES', or 'BLANK' for a default squash merge commit message.
- `squash_merge_commit_title` (String) Can be 'PR_TITLE' or 'COMMIT_OR_PR_TITLE' for a default squash merge commit title.
- `template` (Block List, Max: 1) Use a template repository to create this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--template))
- `topics` (Set of String) The list of topics of the repository.
- `visibility` (String) Can be 'public' or 'private'. If your organization is associated with an enterprise account using GitHub Enterprise Cloud or GitHub Enterprise Server 2.20+, visibility can also be 'internal'.
- `vulnerability_alerts` (Boolean) Set to 'true' to enable security alerts for vulnerable dependencies. Enabling requires alerts to be enabled on the owner level. (Note for importing: GitHub enables the alerts on public repos but disables them on private repos by default). Note that vulnerability alerts have not been successfully tested on any GitHub Enterprise instance and may be unavailable in those settings.
- `web_commit_signoff_required` (Boolean) Require contributors to sign off on web-based commits. Defaults to 'false'.

### Read-Only

- `etag` (String)
- `full_name` (String) A string of the form 'orgname/reponame'.
- `git_clone_url` (String) URL that can be provided to 'git clone' to clone the repository anonymously via the git protocol.
- `html_url` (String) URL to the repository on the web.
- `http_clone_url` (String) URL that can be provided to 'git clone' to clone the repository via HTTPS.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `node_id` (String) GraphQL global node id for use with v4 API.
- `primary_language` (String)
- `repo_id` (Number) GitHub ID for the repository.
- `ssh_clone_url` (String) URL that can be provided to 'git clone' to clone the repository via SSH.
- `svn_url` (String) URL that can be provided to 'svn checkout' to check out the repository via GitHub's Subversion protocol emulation.

<a id="nestedblock--pages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pages`

Optional:

- `build_type` (String) The type the page should be sourced.
- `cname` (String) The custom domain for the repository. This can only be set after the repository has been created.
- `source` (Block List, Max: 1) The source branch and directory for the rendered Pages site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--pages--source))

Read-Only:

- `custom_404` (Boolean) Whether the rendered GitHub Pages site has a custom 404 page
- `html_url` (String) URL to the repository on the web.
- `status` (String) The GitHub Pages site's build status e.g. building or built.
- `url` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--pages--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pages.source`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The repository branch used to publish the site's source files. (i.e. 'main' or 'gh-pages')

Optional:

- `path` (String) The repository directory from which the site publishes (Default: '/')



<a id="nestedblock--security_and_analysis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis`

Optional:

- `advanced_security` (Block List, Max: 1) The advanced security configuration for the repository. If a repository's visibility is 'public', advanced security is always enabled and cannot be changed, so this setting cannot be supplied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--security_and_analysis--advanced_security))
- `secret_scanning` (Block List, Max: 1) The secret scanning configuration for the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning))
- `secret_scanning_push_protection` (Block List, Max: 1) The secret scanning push protection configuration for the repository. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning_push_protection))

<a id="nestedblock--security_and_analysis--advanced_security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis.advanced_security`

Required:

- `status` (String) Set to 'enabled' to enable advanced security features on the repository. Can be 'enabled' or 'disabled'.


<a id="nestedblock--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis.secret_scanning`

Required:

- `status` (String) Set to 'enabled' to enable secret scanning on the repository. Can be 'enabled' or 'disabled'. If set to 'enabled', the repository's visibility must be 'public' or 'security_and_analysis[0].advanced_security[0].status' must also be set to 'enabled'.


<a id="nestedblock--security_and_analysis--secret_scanning_push_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_and_analysis.secret_scanning_push_protection`

Required:

- `status` (String) Set to 'enabled' to enable secret scanning push protection on the repository. Can be 'enabled' or 'disabled'. If set to 'enabled', the repository's visibility must be 'public' or 'security_and_analysis[0].advanced_security[0].status' must also be set to 'enabled'.



<a id="nestedblock--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template`

Required:

- `owner` (String) The GitHub organization or user the template repository is owned by.
- `repository` (String) The name of the template repository.

Optional:

- `include_all_branches` (Boolean) Whether the new repository should include all the branches from the template repository (defaults to 'false', which includes only the default branch from the template).

## Import

Repositories can be imported using the `name`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import github_repository.terraform terraform
```
