---
page_title: "github_repository_environment Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages environments for GitHub repositories
---

# github_repository_environment (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage environments for a GitHub repository.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "github_user" "current" {
  username = ""
}

resource "github_repository" "example" {
  name        = "A Repository Project"
  description = "My awesome codebase"
}

resource "github_repository_environment" "example" {
  environment         = "example"
  repository          = github_repository.example.name
  prevent_self_review = true
  reviewers {
    users = [data.github_user.current.id]
  }
  deployment_branch_policy {
    protected_branches     = true
    custom_branch_policies = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment` (String) The name of the environment.
- `repository` (String) The repository of the environment.

### Optional

- `can_admins_bypass` (Boolean) Can Admins bypass deployment protections
- `deployment_branch_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) The deployment branch policy configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--deployment_branch_policy))
- `prevent_self_review` (Boolean) Prevent users from approving workflows runs that they triggered.
- `reviewers` (Block List, Max: 6) The environment reviewers configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--reviewers))
- `wait_timer` (Number) Amount of time to delay a job after the job is initially triggered.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--deployment_branch_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deployment_branch_policy`

Required:

- `custom_branch_policies` (Boolean) Whether only branches that match the specified name patterns can deploy to this environment.
- `protected_branches` (Boolean) Whether only branches with branch protection rules can deploy to this environment.


<a id="nestedblock--reviewers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reviewers`

Optional:

- `teams` (Set of Number) Up to 6 IDs for teams who may review jobs that reference the environment. Reviewers must have at least read access to the repository. Only one of the required reviewers needs to approve the job for it to proceed.
- `users` (Set of Number) Up to 6 IDs for users who may review jobs that reference the environment. Reviewers must have at least read access to the repository. Only one of the required reviewers needs to approve the job for it to proceed.

## Import

GitHub Repository Environment can be imported using an ID made up of `name` of the repository combined with the `environment` name of the environment, separated by a `:` character, e.g.

```shell
terraform import github_repository_environment.daily terraform:daily
```
