---
page_title: "github_repository_collaborator Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a GitHub repository collaborator resource.
---

# github_repository_collaborator (Resource)

Provides a GitHub repository collaborator resource.

~> Note: github_repository_collaborator cannot be used in conjunction with github_repository_collaborators or they will fight over what your policy should be.

This resource allows you to add/remove collaborators from repositories in your organization or personal account. For organization repositories, collaborators can have explicit (and differing levels of) read, write, or administrator access to specific repositories, without giving the user full organization membership. For personal repositories, collaborators can only be granted write (implicitly includes read) permission.

When applied, an invitation will be sent to the user to become a collaborator on a repository. When destroyed, either the invitation will be cancelled or the collaborator will be removed from the repository.

This resource is non-authoritative, for managing ALL collaborators of a repo, use github_repository_collaborators instead.

Further documentation on GitHub collaborators:

- [Adding outside collaborators to your personal repositories](https://help.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories)
- [Adding outside collaborators to repositories in your organization](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-outside-collaborators-to-repositories-in-your-organization/)
- [Converting an organization member to an outside collaborator](https://help.github.com/articles/converting-an-organization-member-to-an-outside-collaborator/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Add a collaborator to a repository
resource "github_repository_collaborator" "a_repo_collaborator" {
  repository = "our-cool-repo"
  username   = "SomeUser"
  permission = "admin"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `repository` (String) The GitHub repository
- `username` (String) The user to add to the repository as a collaborator.

### Optional

- `permission` (String) The permission of the outside collaborator for the repository. Must be one of 'pull', 'push', 'maintain', 'triage' or 'admin' or the name of an existing custom repository role within the organization for organization-owned repositories. Must be 'push' for personal repositories. Defaults to 'push'.
- `permission_diff_suppression` (Boolean) Suppress plan diffs for triage and maintain. Defaults to 'false'.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the repository collaborator (repository:username).
- `invitation_id` (String) ID of the invitation to be used in 'github_user_invitation_accepter'

## Import

GitHub Repository Collaborators can be imported using an ID made up of `repository:username`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import github_repository_collaborator.collaborator terraform:someuser
```
