---
page_title: "github_repository_webhook Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates and manages repository webhooks within GitHub organizations or personal accounts
---

# github_repository_webhook (Resource)

This resource allows you to create and manage webhooks for repositories within your GitHub organization or personal account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "github_repository" "repo" {
  name         = "foo"
  description  = "Terraform acceptance tests"
  homepage_url = "http://example.com/"

  visibility = "public"
}

resource "github_repository_webhook" "foo" {
  repository = github_repository.repo.name

  configuration {
    url          = "https://google.de/"
    content_type = "form"
    insecure_ssl = false
  }

  active = false

  events = ["issues"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `events` (Set of String) A list of events which should trigger the webhook
- `repository` (String) The repository of the webhook.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Indicate if the webhook should receive events. Defaults to 'true'.
- `configuration` (Block List, Max: 1) Configuration for the webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--configuration))

### Read-Only

- `etag` (String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `url` (String) Configuration block for the webhook

<a id="nestedblock--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `configuration`

Required:

- `url` (String, Sensitive) The URL of the webhook.

Optional:

- `content_type` (String) The content type for the payload. Valid values are either 'form' or 'json'.
- `insecure_ssl` (Boolean) Insecure SSL boolean toggle. Defaults to 'false'.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The shared secret for the webhook

## Import

Repository webhooks can be imported using the `name` of the repository, combined with the `id` of the webhook, separated by a `/` character. The `id` of the webhook can be found in the URL of the webhook. For example: `"https://github.com/foo-org/foo-repo/settings/hooks/14711452"`.

Importing uses the name of the repository, as well as the ID of the webhook, e.g.

```shell
terraform import github_repository_webhook.terraform terraform/11235813
```

If secret is populated in the webhook's configuration, the value will be imported as "********".
