---
page_title: "github_team_repository Resource - github"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the associations between teams and repositories.
---

# github_team_repository (Resource)

~> Note: github_team_repository cannot be used in conjunction with github_repository_collaborators or they will fight over what your policy should be.

This resource manages relationships between teams and repositories in your GitHub organization.

Creating this resource grants a particular team permissions on a particular repository.

The repository and the team must both belong to the same organization on GitHub. This resource does not actually *create* any repositories; to do that, see [`github_repository`](repository.html).

This resource is non-authoritative, for managing ALL collaborators of a repo, use github_repository_collaborators instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Add a repository to the team
resource "github_team" "some_team" {
  name        = "SomeTeam"
  description = "Some cool team"
}

resource "github_repository" "some_repo" {
  name = "some-repo"
}

resource "github_team_repository" "some_team_repo" {
  team_id    = github_team.some_team.id
  repository = github_repository.some_repo.name
  permission = "pull"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `repository` (String) The repository to add to the team.
- `team_id` (String) ID or slug of team

### Optional

- `permission` (String) The permissions of team members regarding the repository. Must be one of 'pull', 'triage', 'push', 'maintain', 'admin' or the name of an existing custom repository role within the organisation.

### Read-Only

- `etag` (String) The ETag of the team repository association.
- `id` (String) The ID of the team repository association (team_id:repository).

## Import

GitHub Team Repository can be imported using an ID made up of `team_id:repository` or `team_name:repository`, e.g.

```shell
terraform import github_team_repository.terraform_repo 1234567:terraform
terraform import github_team_repository.terraform_repo Administrators:terraform
```
